# Wing It

## Team 6 - Weekly Meeting with TA

Zoom - 11/15/22

8:30 PM - 9:00 PM

<hr>

### Members

1. Tyler Le
2. Cristian Antonio-hernandez
3. JC Yan
4. Jongmin Kim
5. Matilda Michel (absent)
6. Michael Lian
7. Supratik Banerjee 
8. Tamara Sagakova
9. Kwangyun Keum 
10. Andrei Secor


<hr>

### Agenda 
- Weekly Meeting

<hr>

### New Business and discussion
- Update Video
  - Plans for the next two weeks
  - Struggles/Strengths
  - Submit a YouTube link to TA
- JSDoc, Build documentation
- Start Using Issue Board instead of only using issues sections
  - Automate with GitHub issues?
  - Proper Labeling of Issues
- Pull Request will have CI/CD pipeline report

<hr>

### Unfinished Business
- CI/CI pipeline diagrams
- ADRs + ADR diagrams
  - Layout of Frontend, How the page was designed
- Sprint documents
- Sprint retrospective
- Issue documentation - any problems faced during developmentation and how they were resolved 
- Create Issue board and merge old issues to it 
- Backend + Frontend integration for phase 1 
- Phase 2 sprint planning.

<hr>

### Concerns

