# Wing It

## Team 6 - Sprint 1 Retrospective

Zoom - 11/16/22

8:00 PM - 8:30 PM

<hr>

### Members

1. Tyler Le
2. Cristian Antonio-hernandez
3. JC Yan
4. Jongmin Kim
5. Matilda Michel 
6. Michael Lian
7. Supratik Banerjee 
8. Tamara Sagakova
9. Kwangyun Keum 
10. Andrei Secor


<hr>

### Agenda 
- Sprint Retrospective

### Feedback from Members

Specific roles and deadlines?

moving at a steady pace which is good
unsure of backends progress
scared about testing since backend isn't up yet
not sure what to do for frontend testing

I ended up starting my task a bit late, and it was fully implemented by 
the time I got started on it. I also did not know the technical details 
behind finishing my task, so I ended up doing a lot of research before 
realizing that my task was already complete. As such, I feel like I have 
not contributed as much this sprint as I should have, and I think that, 
in the future, it would be helpful for me to communicate more about 
what I'm doing, especially with people working on something similar.

Overall I think things went smoothly but I think there could have 
been more communication with group members and I think we can also 
incorporate pair programming.

Thought it went well overall. Liked that everyone on frontend team seemed 
to contribute a fair share and do their work on time. Liked the amount that 
we got done, having a solid version of all the frontend part of CRUD. Thought 
our planning/assigning meetings were pretty productive. Thought collaboration 
was good and helpful for getting the pipeline done.

Wish we were maybe bit more coordinated/responsive on what we were doing 
throughout the sprint outside of usual group meetings + frontend meeting.

I think we definitely need to assign work better, 
some stuff took like no time, while other stuff took a bit of time

I believe that for back-end part, should discuss the variable names, URL, 
and even function name. Otherwise, there is no big issues in terms of 
CS that block the process

### Discussion

Communication is something we need to work, whether that's clearly defining 
roles, asking for help or clarification. Members who weren't present at 
meetings need to reach out to Team Leads to stay up to date with what is 
assigned if not clear from the meeting minutes.

Division of labor could be improved upon. Initially the Backend team got 
assigned both the CI/CD pipeline and backend functionality while Frontend
team only had the layout. The saying, too many chefs in the kitchen was
prevalent as some frontend tasks could have been done by one person instead
of being split and led to some people contributing little to none. The
reassignment of CI/CD pipeline during the Sprint definitely helped 
re-balance things.

Deadlines should set not just to get things done but also to see what
maybe needs more help/assistance or if people get busy, we can reassign
other people to help